Why hasn't Teacher Lu come home so late?
Luckily he didn't recognize me as Mother's Day
We just finished eating from the wound
Teacher Lu, it's raining so hard
My driver doesn't know when it will arrive yet.
Can you give us a ride?
Konoha this pig teammate
I feel that Mr. Lu is very busy
Let's take a taxi and get in the car
Oops, let's go
What kind of taxi? It's not that I don't know you.
Are you willing to spend that money?
You're going to keep dawdling like this
Wait until you go back late
It's time for the Mu family to bully you again
The people of the Mu family often bully you
What!
No, I don't.
The Mu family treats me well
You seem afraid of me
How come?
I'm just a servant
And you are a distinguished guest of the Mu family
I have nothing but respect for you
If it weren't for Mu Qingxin being hospitalized
I never had a chance to be with a man like that
Stand together
And you are still the fiancé of our lady
I want to see people and I don't see anyone all night
Where did you die?
Went out with friends and wasted some time
Okay, you bitch, how dare you talk back?